
# **SafeSmartTurtle_2**
This project is implemented mainly for conducting experiments in the area of testing grid-based multiagent systems. In our testing approach, we first require test engineers to define high-level locality-based test selection constraints. This can happen by utilizing a domain-specific language (DSL) defined for that purpose. Then, concrete test cases are generated based on the given constraints for testing the system under test (SUT).

## Experiment
This experiment is designed to compare the efficiency test generation by different test selection constraints. We have an SUT (src/SafeTurtles.java) of autonomous agents moving in a grid. The agents attempt to avoid collisions with each other, however, due to the intentionally injected faults, they make a mistkae in decision making and/or moving in particular areas. We try to generate test inputs using an initial and newly extended test selection DSL in order to detect the agents' faults. Then, we want to mainly compare which test selection filters (using both initial and extended DSL) can detect the faults in the system more efficiently at the end. The results of the generated test cases using both DSL for a test setup are inlcuded in 'Exp III' folder. To re-run the experiment, you need to run the SUT first. Then, the test input generation module (src/pathGenerator.py) should be executed to generate the inputs and send them one by one to the SUT for execution. The communication between the SUT and test generator is implemented using local sockets.
